Impersonating the emperor dies
Qin Zhan, what are you doing here?
Of course I'm here to save you
Help me! What are you talking about?
Dear, who is he?
him
Just a rascal who has been stalking me
Dogs are just evil
What's his job?
Why do you look like a wage earner?
He's a part-time worker.
A security guard returning from overseas
My dad insisted that he be my bodyguard
A security guard dares to hit you
Mainly not to say that he is a rascal dog
Miss Shen is now my woman
If you dare to hit on him again
I will tear you to pieces
Just by you
Are you doubting the strength of my Medical Emperor?
What a hero the Medical Emperor is
What if a little security guard like you
It's as simple as pinching an ant to death
You're still here
Shen Xuerong, don't be so naive, okay?
He is not a king at all
You're still talking nonsense with your eyes open
You can't see this pair.
Is there a unique emperor mask in the world?
He is just ashamed
Just jealous
If you are a emperor, you must be capable
Come and fight me
If you win, you are a king
You lose, you die.